Add definition of “co-located grids” to the glossary (#139)
fatiando/boule: doc/glossary.rst

.. glossary::

>     Co-located grids.
>         The grid points are at exactly the same locations. It's important because otherwise we can't add or subtract values since they wouldn't be aligned. See `Normal gravity <https://www.fatiando.org/boule/latest/overview.html#normal-gravity>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Co-located grids
        One or more grids that have grid points are at exactly the same locations. 
        This property is important when performing operations like adding and 
        subtracting grid values since they must be located at the same 
        geographical locations.
```

Reviewer: @MGomezN the linking for glossary items usually goes the other way around. Instead of linking to the tutorial here, in the tutorial you can substitute the occurrence of "co-located grids" with `:term:`co-located grids` and it will automatically link to this glossary entry.

Author: Thanks for your patience and kind suggestions!

        One or more grids that have grid points are at exactly the same locations. 
        This property is important when performing operations like adding and 
        subtracting grid values since they must be located at the same 
        geographical locations.
        
    Geocentric gravitational constant
        The multiplication of the total mass of a :term:`reference ellipsoid`
        and the `gravitational constant
        <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravitational_constant>`__. Often
        represented as :math:`GM`.
        
    Gravity disturbance
        The gravity disturbance is the difference between the magnitude of
        observed gravity and the magnitude of normal gravity evaluated at the
        same point [HofmannWellenhofMoritz2006]_:
        :math:`\delta g(\lambda, \phi, h) = \|\vec{g}(\lambda, \phi, h)\| - \|\vec{\gamma}(\lambda, \phi, h)\|`
        
    Gravity potential
        The combined gravitational and centrifugal potential
        :math:`U = V + \Phi` [HofmannWellenhofMoritz2006]_.

    Normal gravity
        The magnitude of the gradient of the :term:`gravity potential` of a
        :term:`reference ellipsoid`.
        

>     Reference ellipsoid
>         An ellipsoid with geometric and physical properties used to best
>         approaximate a given planetary body (the Earth or others).
>         See `Wikipedia <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reference_ellipsoid>`__.
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Reference ellipsoid
        An ellipsoid with geometric and physical properties used to best
        approximate a given planetary body (the Earth or others).
        See `Wikipedia <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reference_ellipsoid>`__.
```
